Entrance:

You are in the entrance to a cave.
There is a faint sound coming from deeper within.

Cave) Follow sound.
Forest) Leave cave.

Cave:

You are in a cave.  It is surprisingly warm and cozy.
There is the sound of snoring ahead.

Sleeping) Go deeper.
Entrance) Go higher.

Sleeping:

You see a bear sleeping.  On the wall is a hand-made
sign that reads "Blahh's Den".

Wakeup) Wake up the bear.
Cave) Go higher.

Wakeup:

You wake up the bear.  It slowly gets on it's
feet and looks at you.  Then it smiles and gives
you a big bear hug... and falls back asleep.

Sleeping)

Forest:

You are in the forest.  It is fall and there are
bright colors everywhere.  The air is brisk and
the sun is bright.  A path leads off in one direction
and you see some smoke rising in the opposite direction.
Behind you there is the entrance to a cave.

Kiln) Go toward smoke.
Stairs) Follow path.
Entrance) Enter the cave.

Kiln:

You see a kiln in a clearing with a pile of
firewood next to it and a roaring fire within.
Looking in from the top you see orange glowing
bowls.  Further on you see the sunlight glinting.
A path goes into the forest.

Forest) Follow the path.
Lake) Follow the glinting light.

Lake:

You are on the shore of a large lake.  The lake
has gentle waves pushed by a calm breeze.  In the
distance down the shoreline you see a mountain.
There is a path into the forest behind you.

Kiln) Follow the path into the forest.

Stairs:

You come to a tree with stairs spiraling up around
the trunk leading to a platform above.
A dirt path leads into the forest behind you
and ahead of you while a rocky path leads away
behind the tree.

Tree) Climb the stairs.
Forest) Follow the dirt path behind you.
Canyon) Follow the dirt path ahead of you.
Mountain) Follow the rocky path.

Canyon:

You come to cliff that drops down into a deep canyon.
There are two large polls at the edge tied to thick
ropes anchored to the rocky slab of the cliff edge.
A similar pair of polls is on the far side of the
canyon.  Far down at the bottom of the canyon a river
flows with foamy white water.  A path leads back into
the forest.

Stairs) Follow the path into the forest.

Mountain:

You follow the rocky path as it climbs steeply up.
Soon you are following switchbacks up a cliff face.
Finally you must climb to continue.  At last you
reach the top of the mountain, tired from the journey.
You are not about to climb back down the way you came.
You look back and the view is spectacular, fall colors
in a large forest below bordered by a large lake on
your left and a huge canyon on your right.  In the
trees of the forest you can see a large complex of
bridges and platforms.  A small stream flows away
down a gentler side of the mountain.

Slide) Follow the stream.

Slide:

You are hot from all the climbing so you decide
to jump in the stream.  You float for a while
drifting in the cool water until you notice that
the stream edges are now higher and curiously
smooth.  The bottom is slippery and the stream
is getting faster.  You are soon rushing down
a water slide that alternates from fast downward
stretches and banked hairpin curves.  At the bottom
of the mountain you shoot out into the lake.

Lake) Swim to shore.

Tree:

You climb the stairs and reach the platform.
Immediately you see that this is just part of
a vast tree house complex built by a master
woodcrafter, rope maker, and friend to all the
woodland creatures.  A simple clay bowl with
freshly picked huckleberries sits on a ornately
carved table.  The carvings seem to tell stories
of the adventures of a baby skunk.

Eat) Eat some huckleberries.
Stairs) Go down the stairs.

Eat:

You eagerly eat some of the fresh huckleberries.
They are the best food you have ever tested.
Completely satisfied you fall asleep.

Halt)

